{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg949\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033\deflangfe1042{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 6.2.9200}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl480\slmult1\qj\f0\fs24\lang18\tab Does violen\lang1042 ce of parents\lang18  influence to their children? Parents \lang1042 are the mirror of their children because children learn everthing from their parents. Therefore, parents should serve as role models for their children. That mean is growth environment is very important when children grow up. Furthermore, children who grew up in a good environment live in high quality of life than children who grew up in a bad environment. There is short story about discord within the family. Title name of this story is "Simple Recipes". This story has a family of four members. Parents were born in Malaysia, but they immigrated to Canada and live in Canada with their son and daughter. However, this family has some trouble and problem between father and son. Their trouble was started by their native language. According to the this story, son also was born in Malaysia, but he forgets his native language after immigration. However, his father wants him to remember his native language although he lives in Canada (498). It shows that father and son have had dissatisfaction each other. This story focus on the trouble of father and son through the daughter's eye, so the daughter is a narrator of this story. Therefore, the author uses character, foreshadowing, and symbols to show the discord within the family. \lang18\par

\pard\ri-710\sa200\sl480\slmult1\qj\tab The characters in the story show each family member's characteristic. There are four characters in this story. Firstly, one of main characters is father. The father likes to cook for his family, and show that about how to cook to his daughter. "Every night before dinner, my father would perform this ritual-rinsing and draining, then setting the pot in the cooker" (496). It represents that father always show to his daughter to make dinner every night. Therefore, he teach his daughter that how to cook and make rice. Moreover, When father and daughter watch \i Wok with Yan\i0  which is TV show, father said "I can do that", "I know many tricks like this", and "Much more than Yan" (497). It shows that he has desire for winning and also a sense of humor. secondly, father and his daughter have good relationship. "For many hours at a time, it was just the two of us. While my mother worked and my older brother played outside, my father and I sat on the couch, flipping channels" (497). It shows that father and his daughter always do something together, whereas mother and son do not do everything with them. Father and daughter have a matter of common interest. Therefore, they have maintained their relrationship by cook. Thirdly, mother always does not assert her opinions in the house. When father and mother argue that why their son forget native language, he said that "How can a child forget a language?" and "It is because the child is lazy. Because the child chooses not to rememver" (498). It reprensents father always unilaterally tell mother and she does not say anything. Lastly, one of the most important character is son in this story because theme of this story is conflict between father and son. Son always stay outside until dinner and son cannot connect with family. "My brother comes back into the room, his hands muddy and his knees the colour of dusty brick. His soccer shorts flutter against the backs of his legs. Sitting down, he makes an angry face. My father ignores him" (499). It shows bad relation between father and son. In addition, father cook fish, but son does not want to eat fish because he does not like fish's eyeball. For that reason, father and son fight. "I wish you weren't my father! I wish you were dead" (502). It shows through the son's words that how son hate his father and He always react nervously to father. As a result, the author helps readers to understand by using describe characteristic.\par

\pard\sa200\sl480\slmult1\qj\tab The foreshadowing in the story gives to readers a hint of things to come. There are many foreshadowing in this story. Firstly, son does not want to remember native language and eat fish which his father cook. These two things allude that the father and son make trouble. When the son forgets native language, the father starts to have some trouble. Moreover, When the son avoid to eat fish which his father cook for family, conflict between the father and son is reached its climax. Secondly, mother's glasses are fogged before father and son fight. her glasses are fogged twice in this story. However, after glasses are fogged, father and son start to fight. "We laughted and ate, white steam fogging my mother's glasses until she had to take them off and lay them on the table" (499) and "Savouring each mouthful, my father eats slowly, head tuned to the flavours in his mouth. My mother takes her glasses off, the lenses fogged, and lays them on the table. She eats with her head bowed down, as if in prayer" (501). It shows that before the fight, the author allude that father and son will fight to use mother's glasses. Moreover, if mother's glasses are fogged, she always take off her glasses. That means she does not want to get involved in their fight, so she does not say anything when they fight. Lastly, after fight, the mother prepare breakfast which is French toast in the morning. However, the son does not come to eat breakfast. "My father piles French toast and syrup onto a plate and my mother pours a glass of milk. She takes everything upstairs to my brother's bedroom" (503). It shows that the son is still angry. However, "'Are you eating?' I ask my brother. He starts to cry. I look at him, his face half hidden in the blankets. 'Try and eat' my mother says softly" (503). It alludes that the family can recover their relationship and son is regreting his own behavior yesterday. father also wants to reconcile with his son. "At some point I know my father is standing at the entrance of the room but I cannot turn to look at him" (504). It shows that father is also regreting. As a result, the auther alludes that what it will happen by using foreshadowing.\par
\tab The symbols in the story show intention of author and a hidden meaning. This story has many symbos. Firstly, rice is father's love toward to his daughter. Because, when daughter try to make rice, father does not say anything and keeps eating the rice although the rice is a mushy gruel. "my father would keep eating, pushing the rice into his mouth as if he never expected anything defferent, as if he noticed no difference between what he did so well and i so poorly" (496). It shows that how father loves his daughter. He always praise his dauther and teach to her everthing what he already knows and dauther wants to know. Secondly, fish connect the family's state. Suddenly the fish is appeared in the middle of the artice and fish is described concretely through the daughter's eye. Furthermore, family also are described by the daughter. Therefore, family is expressed fish and Canada is expressed water in the ketchen sink. "In one swift motion he overturns the bag and the fish comes sailing out with the water. It curls and jumps" (496). It represents that family is hard to adjust and is trying to settle in the new country. In addition, the daughter observes the fish which is dying. "The fish in the sink is dying slowly. It has a glossy sheen to it, as if its skin is made of shining minerals. I want to prod it with both hands, its body tense against the pressure of my fingers." (498). It shows that the family seems happy, but actually relationship of family is also getting worse and worse. Lastly, native language symbolizes father's different method of education between the daughter and son. "When I was young, my parents tried to teach me their language but it never came easily to me. My father ran his thumb gently over my mouth, his face kind, as if trying to see what it was that made me different" (497). It shows that father did not force to the his daughter to study native language. However, father wants the his son to remember native language. "My brother was born in Malaysia but when he immigrated with my parents to Canada the language left him. Or he forgot it, or he refused it, which is also common, and this made my father angry" (498). It shows that father forced to the his son to remember native language unlike his daughter. As a result, the author mentions symbol continuously to attract interest in this story.\par
\tab In conclusion, the author wants to show conflict of family by using charactor, foreshadowing, and symbols. This story focuses on the conflicts caused due to the different education methods of the father. Moreover, family who are immigrants in this story are difficult to adjust in new country. In addition, in this story, the most important elements is charactor because if readers know each person's charactoristic, they can understand and be immersed in this story easily. Moreover, readers can understand the real intention of the author through the symbols and there are many foreshadowing that readers can predict the story. For that reason, readers can be easy to understand, and they can learn a lessons from the this story.\par
}
 